Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Please slow down.
Slow down!
What is wrong with you?
What are you doing?
Just please drive slower.
Are you crazy?!
Hmm.
This is a difficult
situation.
Your eyes are getting worse.
Come. sit.
I'm afraid that our modern medicine is
totally helpless against this disease.
I'm going to write you a prescription for some
medication. but this will only delay the deterioration.
That's it.
I'm sorry to say this.
but someday soon.
you will lose your vision.
It... it could
have been much worse.
Think about people with
cancer and know they're dying.
At least you have life.
- Say something!
- What do you want me to say?
He's not the only
doctor in the city.
What if he's wrong?
We'll find another doctor.
Another doctor?
Look. I can't be helped!
And what can't be helped.
can't be helped.
and you're talking
about a miracle doctor.
- Come on. don't pity me.
- Why are you yelling at me?
I'm not yelling.
I'm just talking.
- People don't talk like that.
- Yeah. Well. I do!
Since when?
I don't even
know why you're here.
I don't even know why
you're... why you're with me.
No. don't wait until
I go blind so you could. what.
just take care of me?
Look. especially
when I know that deep down
you don't even give a damn.
You have no shame.
If that's what you think of me.
then why did you live
with that for all these years?
Why didn't you say anything?
Yeah. well. I did say something.
Just... just to my...
to myself.
And now you spit out the truth.
Well. I've
no time for you either.
Hey.
Hey. Hey!
Wake up.
It's the last stop.
You can stay here if you want.
but we'll head back
to the city in an hour.
Did you miss your bus stop?
No. it's been a rough day.
Drink?
Yeah. I don't drink.
Well. you can't
smoke in the woods.
We've had seven fires
this year already.
3.700 trees have burnt down.
How do you know 3.700 trees?
I'm an electrician.
I have to work up high.
I climb things.
so I see everything from above.
Ah. Ah. so you're a god.
Is he up there. too. is he?
Oh. I'm not God.
but I work one step below him.
But I've done my work for today.
so now I can drink.
Where am I?
Nowhere. really.
But if you close your eyes...
...you can be anywhere.
There's some beautiful trails.
Go ahead.
Explore them whilst you can.
Hey. are you okay?
Did you hurt yourself?
Here. come on.
Let me help you. Okay?
- How did you get here?
- Uh. a... a bus.
Yeah. a... a bus brought me here.
And where are you going?
Maybe here. or maybe
I was coming to help you.
Well. thank you for helping me.
Well. you should
probably come into the house.
You're not dangerous. are you?
Dangerous? No.
- No.
- Well. I don't know.
You could be a murderer.
a thief. maniac.
Yeah. Well. fortunately for you.
I'm... I'm none of those things.
No. I'm just a man lost
in the forest.
Good. Be my guest.
Oh.
You must be hungry.
so please eat.
Don't be shy.
Yeah. it's just I feel... I
feel a little bit uncomfortable.
Why?
Well. it's just. you know.
since I was a kid I've got
a little bit uncomfortable
when people watch me eat.
Well. I can turn away.
Do you like it?
Mm. Oh. it's good.
Really. it's very good.
You're eating
Raspberry Angel cake.
Ah. raspberries.
Peddlers used to sell them
in the market when I was young.
Yeah. they were always shouting.
"raspberries.
Raspberries.
get your raspberries."
Do you remember?
I remember.
You know.
I have to say I've never
eaten in a such
a strange manner before.
Well. you wanted to be
comfortable.
You know. are... are these. uh...
are these all your painting?
Yeah.
Well. they're beautiful.
Thank you.
Tell me
something about yourself.
Well. um. I... I'm a bartender.
Uh... yeah. well. really
my passion's architecture.
For years. I've been
working on a... on a new concept
that's gonna transform
cities all over the world.
It's just. well.
no one will believe in me.
I believe in you.
No. No.
Sorry. I can't.
Not like this.
I'm not ready.
No. I'm... I'm sorry.
Look. I apologize
if I did anything. I...
don't apologize.
Tell me... was it good?
What. the cake?
Yes. the cake.
Uh. it... it was delicious.
Th... thank you.
L... look. I should...
I should probably go.
Okay. guest.
You'll come again. right?
Oh. I... I... I don't know.
I don't even
know your name.
What is your name?
I don't have a name.
I... I see.
You don't want to tell
me and that's... that's fine.
No.
I really have no name.
Well. how come?
Let us both be called nothing.
Believe me.
it's better that way.
I thought you'd left.
I went to the pharmacy.
One in the morning.
one at night.
Uh. look. I wanted to
apologize for yesterday.
You know. I wasn't feeling well.
I was only trying
to be there for you.
Yeah. well.
you let me go off alone.
You let me go off alone.
Yeah. we... you always go off
like that when you're upset.
- There you go again.
- Come on. look. not again.
All right. please. Look. I d...
I don't have the will
or the time for this.
What if you did have the time.
what would you do?
Would we still be married?
Answer me.
Would you be living with me?
Can't you leave
it alone just for once?
Huh. look.
I woke up this morning.
and you weren't even there.
Can you imagine how that felt?
Take the medication.
Even if it gives you a day.
or a month. or a year.
then you could
prepare for your future.
whatever or with whoever
that might be.
All right. look.
I'm just trying to pull myself
together here. okay?
Now. please. just come and help
me on my sketches.
Once I'm blind.
I'm not gonna be able to work.
You really
think you can make money
from your kind of architecture?
No. don't talk to me like that.
I thought a lot about yesterday.
You spent your whole life hoping
and dreaming for something else.
You need to realize
that you're lying to yourself.
and you're lying to me.
That's exactly
why I have to do this.
I'm late for work.
It's your decision.
Son.
bring me another ax.
Continue chopping.
I want this finished.
Now. Go.
Stop!
What kind of man are you?
Where is your strength?
I'm not gonna help you
even if you don't finish
'til the morning.
I'm gonna make you into a man
or drown you in the river.
you understand?
What are you doing? Stop!
He's a young boy.
he can't do this.
I wish I knew what he can do.
He draws well
and he studies well.
Drawing will
not support this house.
We need a man. not a Da Vinci.
Please. he... he's
doing the best he can.
Come here. let me see.
You know. pretty soon
I'm not gonna be able to work.
I'll help you. I'll give you
a third of me salary.
- And what salary?
- But I will. though. won't I?
Never.
Come on. man.
Let's go to the strip bar
while you can still see.
Lots of big tits and asses.
Oh. I forgot
you're a faithful married
husband and don't go
to places like that.
Let's go to the movies
then or something.
Some place you're gonna
miss when you're blind.
Just don't
take me to that museum.
You need to realize
that nothing is a tragedy.
except perhaps this
exhibit hall.
Sooner or later we'll
all be blind in our graves.
Yeah. well.
that's easy for you to say.
You're not
the one who's going blind.
And despite your philosophy.
yeah. you'd be in a panic.
- No. I wouldn't. I'd laugh.
- Oh. really?
What. you wouldn't cry
at my funeral?
I would if you wanted me to.
What would it matter to you?
Everybody dies in the end.
that's the bottom line.
Isn't that how every
Shakespeare play ends?
Yeah. since when have you
read shakespeare?
I watched a documentary.
Yeah. you know. the truth
is that life is a tragedy.
I should have been born
in the '70s in America.
now that was the greatest period
in the history of our planet.
Yeah. the music they played.
the people that lived there.
the films they made.
the sexual freedom.
I think even the air
was different back then.
How can you love a country
when you were never there?
Yeah. you know. sometimes
I... I just close my eyes
and I... and I imagine
that I'm there.
Now... now that I'm blind.
I know I'm never gonna
to be able to see it.
- You all right?
- Yeah. Yeah. no.
I just can't...
can't quite see anything.
Oh.
- I... I can't see anything.
- What. nothing?
No. I'm serious. I... I can't see
anything. What's happening?
- I'm... I'm here. Calm down.
- What's happening?
- I can't... I can't see anything.
- I'm here. I'm here. Chill.
I feel like I'm bli...
You bastard!
- Oh. what? You scared?
- Yes. I was.
You scared. were you?
What. I thought you said
everything was gonna
be all right.
I exaggerated.
That wasn't funny!
So. will you keep seeing things
or just see nothing
- all of a sudden?
- I don't know.
Yeah. I guess it would just be...
be like a snap.
And suddenly everything would
just... just disappear.
I just love museums.
I love them. They're me favorite
thing. Love art. Love art.
- What's wrong with you?
- Look. I'm... I'm seeing things.
What do you mean.
I thought you were going blind?
No. no. no. they're things
I'm not supposed to see.
I don't understand.
Listen. I... I need
you to do me a favor.
Look. I... I met a girl.
I need you to give her this
before something happens to me.
Girl? I thought you're
faithful to your wife.
No. please.
All right. if you're my friend.
you... you'll find
her and you'll give her this.
Just call her on the phone.
No. she lives in the forest
outside of the city and...
and I don't have her number.
Look. yeah. take the 102 bus
to the last stop. All right.
follow the path through
the woods to her house.
You'll find her.
There's a bird house
and a big tree and... and a dog.
a German Shepherd.
It... it's a beautiful place.
Are you dreaming a fairly tale?
Just promise me. I need
to see her before it's too late.
What's her name?
I don't know.
Bitch.
it's fine if you don't want to.
The Ambassador
is ready to see you now.
Thank you.
Um. I'd like a word.
Take a seat.
Would you like a drink?
Have you told your husband
that you work for me?
No. Not yet.
Are you embarrassed to tell
him that you're a housekeeper?
He doesn't
know about all my jobs.
He thinks I don't care.
I go out every night.
He only approaches me
when I come home 'cause I drink.
He's lucky to have you.
In another life...
We probably would have
been very good friends.
If you like.
I can give you extra hours.
I can offer you double
what your other jobs pay you.
Yes. of course.
Great.
We'll add Thursdays.
Thank you.
Of course the real question is.
do you love him?
Not just what's on the outside.
what's on the inside.
Otherwise.
you're just roommates.
Fucking bastard.
Hello. is anybody there?!
I've got a letter...
from a friend.
Whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa. whoa.
Nice doggie. Stay there.
stay there and...
Fuck off of me.
I said I can't meet you.
'Cause he's really sick.
Why aren't you more concerned?
I don't know when.
Maybe never. I don't know.
♪ I remember the day ♪
♪ When we cried
without any pain ♪
♪ And God knows I wanna stay ♪
- Here. Cover for me.
- Sure.
Hey.
You came.
Well. I was invited.
I've saved
a seat for you. please.
So can I. uh...
can I get you a drink?
A glass of cold water.
Right. of course.
♪ Without any pain ♪
♪ And I know I wanna stay ♪
♪ In this love ♪
I wonder
how their futures will turn out.
Or maybe they'll fall in love.
Or maybe there'll be none.
Why do you say that?
Relationships are difficult.
Everyone seems to be
an angel at first.
and then the other side shows.
Ah. the other side.
More like a bad side.
What. do you have a bad side?
Very bad one.
What's your other side like?
You know. sometimes
I find myself lying.
Yeah. I can't help myself.
Yeah. I think I lie to
accept the person I've become.
Yeah. mostly I lie
just to hide from the person
I know I'm supposed to be.
In many ways we're alike.
Why are we alike?
I mean.
you know. you live alone.
You... you don't
have to answer to anybody.
I mean. me I...
Yeah. I live an illusion.
And I don't wanna lie to you.
Everybody lies.
Oh. even you?
Even me.
Well. I think that I should
tell you that I. uh...
I'm married.
I have a wife.
Is that
what's bothering you?
We've done nothing wrong.
Right now we're just
sharing a glass of water.
Oh. it's true.
It seems like I'm...
solo again.
My husband has other plans.
Don't worry.
I'll take care of everything.
Thank you.
Um. here's your salary.
Um. it's late.
I have plenty of spare
rooms if you should choose
to spare the night.
♪ Say.
do they really matter ♪
♪ The words are better
than loving ♪
♪ 'Cause I think
you know better ♪
You know. I like that we don't
know each other's name.
Me. too.
Sometimes I really
believe that I'm nobody.
We are nobody.
That's who we are.
Although I have to say.
I can't help but wonder.
It's okay.
Don't worry.
Soon everything
will be revealed.
Nothing will be concealed.
You are a strange girl.
Stranger than you think.
I wanna be with you.
You are.
♪ When we cried
without any pain ♪
♪ And God knows I wanna stay ♪
You should go home.
They'll worry for you.
Uh. le... let me take you home.
If you do you'll have
to stay the night.
No. no. I wouldn't.
I wouldn't have to stay.
If you leave.
you'll be eaten by jackals.
I really... I really
wanna see you again.
You know where to find me.
What if I can't anymore?
What if I can't find my way?
There are many ways to find me.
♪ Say do they
really matter ♪
♪ The words that make
up the ladder ♪
♪ 'Cause I think
that you know better ♪
♪ What I mean ♪
You here?
No. no. no.
no. no. no. no. no. no.
No!
You... you...
what have you done?
What have you done?
Oh. please. Oh. my God.
One. two. three. four.
One...
...13. 14. 15.
Seven. six.
five. four.
three. two. one.
Are you hiding from us?
What is this?
Who beat you this time?
Probably the same
boys in the village.
What's that?
What's on your face?
Lipstick.
The boys
wiped lipstick on my face.
Who did it?
Get out.
Please get up.
Get up and get out.
Now!
- You're a disgrace...
- Son?
...to this family. Hold still.
We'll see how far he can go.
Hey. do you want to play?
Where am I?
I can't give you this.
It's too heavy.
But I'll carry it for you.
Don't worry. I asked them.
And they said it would be okay.
Who are they?
Heavy people.
Heavy? They're so thin.
The weight is in those balloons.
The weight
of all their suffering.
And what
are they suffering from?
Don't you know?
And why is your balloon
so small?
Wait.
It's mine. isn't it?
Yes.
Please. give it to me.
I told you.
It's too heavy for you to carry.
Soon.
everything will be revealed.
Nothing will be concealed.
Wha... what is it?
- Oh God. it's happened.
- What are you doing?
I... I have to count.
- Two. three.
- Well. stop and come back.
You'll hurt yourself.
you'll hurt yourself.
It's happened. I'm blind!
Shh. it's okay. It's okay.
- Oh. God.
- It's okay.
I should've listened to you.
I... I should've
taken the pill.
- Calm down.
- It's happened.
- Please. it's happened.
- It's okay.
Yes. it's happened.
Oh. I've made so many mistakes.
And I blamed you
for all of my suffering.
God.
No. we've seen so much.
We have. we've seen so much.
We're roommates.
What?
Nothing. Nothing.
Wait. Wait. I... I...
I see something.
Oh. it's a meadow.
Oh. it's beautiful.
Meadow? We're home.
Are you telling me
you can't see this?
Come on.
Come on. open your eyes.
Stop it. Stop it.
Stop it. You're frightening me.
How can you not see this?
This got real.
You're acting really crazy.
I've never been more real about
anything in my life.
Wait. do... do you hear that?
Hear what?
Shh.
That sound.
The sound of what?
Sound of silence.
How on earth can silence
have a sound?
- It does. It does.
- No.
It's a deafening sound.
It's... it's... it's terrible.
No. No.
What sound?
What?
Who are you?
I'm your wife.
I can't see you.
I can't see your face.
I can... I can see your body.
but I can't see your face.
Why can't I see your face?
His consciousness
cannot accept the fact
that he has lost his sight
so he is making up images.
he's creating pictures
in his mind
based on the sounds
that he's hearing.
So he's imagining everything.
Yes. absolutely.
Your head.
Nothing. What do you see?
What's wrong with your head?
There's nothing. Nothing.
Look here. look at this chart?
What? Why are you pointing
a rifle at me?
This is not a rifle.
- Yes. it is!
- No. it's not!
It's a rifle. it's a rifle.
What is happening?
As I told you.
these are all fantasies.
There is a medical term for
this. it's called synesthesia.
People who have this condition.
they see sounds.
they can taste colors.
they can even hear smells.
His mind is compensating
for the loss of sight.
I'm not imagining anything.
It's... it's... it's real.
It's real.
Why have you got a giant cannon
in your office?
What do I do?
Wait. what are you doing?
I'm... I'm going home.
Well. you're blind.
you can't walk alone.
nothing you see is real.
You might mistake a truck
for a giant candy cane!
Or perhaps what I'm seeing
is the real world.
You came back.
Come in.
How are things at home?
Is he still terrorizing you?
He...
He's softened a little.
When he dies. I won't come to
his grave or his funeral.
Please don't say that.
Why?
When I left I had nothing.
I struggled for a long time.
even had to beg.
I brought you something.
A bag?
You still have that bag?
Yes.
How can a self-respecting woman
carry the same bag for 12 years?
It's... it's the only one I have.
I'll buy you a new bag.
You barely have enough money
for yourself.
Whatever money I have.
just so I don't have to see
that thing again.
Do you realize
how many years you've wasted?
Do you realize how many years
you've worn the same shoes.
the same clothes.
This goddamn bag
is just an example.
Who needs a man who doesn't give
a shit about his wife.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. It's my fault.
I don't know anymore.
Every night I ask myself
why you are here.
and I blame myself.
It's not easy.
I hate every day that I spend
without you.
I hate every morning
and every night.
I hate my bed.
my food. the thought of waking
up the next day.
I wish...
I wish that you could have felt
how happy I was
when I was making
this food for you.
I'm sorry.
I love you. I love you.
Are you sure you don't need it?
I'm positive.
I see fine.
Oh.
Thank you.
Do you want an apple?
No. I'm not hungry.
Perhaps we should come back
another day.
But why?
When we've got plenty of time.
Don't be afraid to ask for help.
it's why I'm here.
No I won't.
I'm curious.
What about the girl
in the woods?
Have you seen her again?
No. I didn't wanna burden her
with my condition.
She might enjoy making love
to a blind guy.
You may as well make the best
out of a bad situation.
Turn your tragedy into triumph.
Yeah. well.
thanks for the advice.
Uh. by the way...
you know. you and Shakespeare.
you're wrong.
What?
Yeah. we don't die in the end.
No. we live.
How do you know
if you haven't died yet?
Yeah. well. it's because I see.
Oh.
If it makes you feel better.
I agree.
Ah. you think I'm living
in a fairy tale?
I only believe
what my eyes tell me.
No. exactly.
What if your eyes are wrong?
Now what... what if what you see
is just on the surface?
Look around.
And why do you think
these artists
created all of these paintings?
- To be famous.
- No.
No. is to show us
the real world.
See they don't see an apple
with their eyes.
they... they see
what's underneath.
you know. the substance.
the form. the essence.
That's what's eternal.
They were just lucky enough
to see it
when they were still alive.
I don't understand.
The meadow.
Lucky guess.
I...
I know this place.
I can't talk right now.
No. I don't care
how long it's been.
Look... I can't talk.
Hey. come on.
Oh. leave me. I'm... I'm fine.
Let me help you.
I can speak to your husband.
Huh?
Shh...
It's hard to let go.
Sometimes...
sometimes they need to leave.
They need to leave to survive.
To let us survive.
Where have you been?
I was working.
I... didn't think
you worked today.
Yeah. well. I work two jobs now.
Since... since when
did you work two jobs?
Since I need to pay
for your pencils and paper
and for us to eat.
and to pay the bills.
I had no idea. I'm sorry.
You've done a new drawing.
Yeah.
Do you like it?
No. I guess you can't see it
in your world.
My world?
What other world is there?
Look. I know you don't take
what I do seriously.
You... you even tore one of my
drawings.
Yeah. well. maybe I should
have torn it years ago
and then things might be better.
Yeah. but you didn't.
Did you? You didn't.
Which means there must be
a part of you
that still beliefs in what I do.
Oh. come on. am I... am I wrong?
I'll get the door.
- What are you doing here?
- I've tried to call many times.
but you're refusing
to speak to me.
Keep your voice down.
I told you this
is not a good time.
- Where is he?
- He's in the living room.
He's blind. he cannot see us.
You need to leave.
No. Not until you talk to me.
Okay. Wait.
Who was it?
It was our neighbor.
She has a problem
with her televisions.
Um. would you be okay for a
minute if I go help her?
Yeah. Yeah. of course.
Yeah. go ahead.
Okay.
What do you want to talk about?
He's blind.
I wanna take care of you.
I don't need others
to take care of me.
So what am I. an other?
I love you. Can't you see?
- Come to me.
- Stop.
- Why?
Because I can't keep lying
to him.
- Ah...
- What?
I started this with you
because I hated him.
I hated my marriage.
But it's different now.
I feel badly for him.
I pity him.
I should have told him
years ago.
- Let me hug you.
- Oh. stop.
Stop. Stop. he could come in.
What will he see?
I don't know. but he's seeing
things. he does see things.
Just relax. You need to cope.
It's what you've always wanted.
It's what he cannot give you.
I can't do this.
I can't do it.
You've been doing this
a long time.
He doesn't love you.
What's going on?
Who's in here?
Stop it.
- Who's in here with you?
- No one. no one.
- Who is that?
- No one!
Tell me who you are.
Who are you?
There's nobody.
- Tell me who you are.
- Stop!
Where are you?
Shame on you.
Were you going to wait
until I went blind?
Call my friend and tell him to
get me out of here.
- Call him!
- Okay.
I came as soon as I could.
Watch your head.
Maybe we should go back
to mine just for a little bit.
We'll think of something.
Just drive. all right?
Please just... just keep driving.
You know. you're the only person
who understands me.
At the end of the day. she...
she wasn't happy.
I don't blame her.
I just wish she had someone.
You know. I wish she had someone
to go back to.
and then that will make me
both the happiest
and saddest person in the world.
God. I don't know what to think.
This will make you think.
Why. what's that?
Now we'll both see people
in peculiar ways.
Yeah. Well. I haven't lost my
sense of smell. that's for sure.
Do you want one then?
No. no. I'm all right.
Of course you don't. You're
already high. aren't you?
Crazy man.
What do I look like now?
You what?
I said. what do I look like now?
I can see your body. but...
I can't see your face.
You can't see me face? Perfect.
Have you got a cigarette?
Come on. give us a cigarette.
I'll give you one.
Here.
Nothing. nothing. I just...
just burned myself.
Turn around.
Why?
Just turn around.
I know where I need to go.
Just... just take me there.
Where is there?
The place you took me before.
you remember?
The forest?
Yeah. Yeah. the forest.
Is everything all right?
I came to ask you a favor.
I need to move my belongings.
My husband now... I can't stay
another night in our apartment.
Sit.
Of course. you can bring
your things to my place.
Thank you.
As you can see. I'm...
I'm moving.
I'm relocating
back to the States.
Don't worry. I...
I have plenty of colleagues
that I can recommend
your serv... service.
Thank you. That's very generous.
If you prefer.
You can come and work.
be...
work with me in the States.
This is it. Are we here?
Yeah.
Want some help?
No. no. I've got it.
You've got it.
Look. I know
this may be hard for you.
But when you leave her.
and I know that you will.
you don't throw her away.
you be kind to her.
Please.
For me.
Who is this?
I offered you a drink.
Do you remember?
Yes. I do.
Well. why can't I see you?
You're blind.
But I... I see everyone.
And... and I can't see you.
And I... I feel everything and
I... I can't feel you.
Yes. I know. I know.
Come. let me lead you
where you're going.
When you stare at your
reflection in the mirror.
you feel scared.
When you look that image
in the eye.
you'll feel that you're alone.
but you're never alone.
Who else is there?
Some other you.
Go ahead.
you don't even need me anymore.
Hello.
My guest.
Can I come in?
Of course.
A glass of cold water?
Um. yeah. Please. yes.
Shit.
- What happened?
- I'm so sorry.
I hope I didn't break anything.
I don't know what happened.
- How did you fall?
- I don't know. really.
I'm fine.
I'm so sorry.
I'm blind.
I've... I've gone blind.
I should be probably going.
No. no stay.
Easy. Stay.
I've been waiting for you.
Why didn't you tell me?
I was scared.
You know. I was scared I...
I wouldn't see you again.
but I see you.
I see you.
What...
what exactly do you see?
I see everything.
Everything.
This is all I want to take.
The driver will take that down.
My husband drew that.
He's blind.
I don't know what it means.
It's where we're going.
Hello.
What's your name?
I'm the blind man. and you?
I'm nobody.
Hello. Father.